Update instrumentation readme (#871)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: instrumentation/README.md

- `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/gopkg.in/macaron.v1/otelmacaron`
- `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/database/sql/otelsql`

Exceptions to this rule exist.

> For example, the [runtime](./runtime) and [host](./host) instrumentation do not instrument any Go package and do therefore do not fit this structure.

Reviewer: My bad :facepalm: 

```suggestion
For example, the [runtime](./runtime) and [host](./host) instrumentation do not instrument any Go package and therefore do not fit this structure.
```

- `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/gopkg.in/macaron.v1/otelmacaron`
- `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/database/sql/otelsql`

> The following packages are an exception to this rule as they do not instrument a Go package:
> 
> - [host](./host)
> - [runtime](./runtime)

Reviewer: I think the original reads better. Can we add the `host` package using the same sentence structure?

```suggestion
Exceptions to this rule exist.
For example, the [runtime](./runtime) and [host](./host) instrumentation do not instrument any Go package and do therefore do not fit this structure.
```
